Welcome everybody to PlayWM!

PlayWM is a window manager which was intended to play with it's configuration.
This way every curious user, not only advanced Linux geek, can change how looks
and behaves his/her desktop and windows on it. 

How to play? After staring PlayWM first time, go to ~/.playwm directory and
read START.txt file. Since you are reading it now, we can begin:)

In ~/.playwm directory you can find all configuration files for different
components of PlayWM. PlayWM is like LEGO toys. It is build from different
application joined in one place, and well documented. 

To play with PlayWM you need to change those files, using documentations provided
inside those files. It is possible because documentation is short and written
as a comments.

To avoid reading all documentation read just header (marked as a 
  MUST TO READ - HEADER
) and follow instructions or table of contents provided there. 

One file which you need to read from first line till the bottom is this file:
->  START.txt
OK, lets start by making necessary notes about architecture of PlayWM.

Core of PlayWM is OpenBox Window Manager by Dana Jansens (and now also others).
But what you will be probably looking at after starting PlayWM is the panel on
the top of the screen. This is Tint2 application by Thierry Lorthiois and
Andreas Fink. 

If you want to change how looks and works that top panel go to 
->  task.bar.tint2rc 
file.

The same Tint2 application runs on the right edge of screen. To configure go to
->  launch.bar.tint2rc

What about that core of PlayWM - OpenBox? Here are most of options to change. 
If you want to change desktop wallpaper or add application to start when PlayWM
starts go to:
->  autostart.openbox.sh

If you want to change keybindings or mousebindings, to control your PlayWM, go to:
->  keyboard.openbox.xml
->  mouse.openbox.xml
file respectively.

To change menu go to 
->  menu.openbox.xml

In PlayWM you can automatize some window management. Go to file
-> applications.openbox.xml
to set up for example what desktop your mail client should pop up.


For more advanced/internal part of window manager go to :
->  windows.openbox.xml

Very important for PlayWM is terminal. By default we use Urxvt terminal. In
->  terminal.Xresources
you will find options to tune it.

Probably most complicated is look/theme for Openbox application. Start from here:
-> theme/openbox-3/themerc

File
-> fonts.conf 
isn't only settings for PlayWM. It is related to all your fonts. But it is
so important to have easy readable text that we decided to precofnigure this 
for you too. 

After changing any configuration file, type make in a ~/.playwm directory to
refresh/restart components.  Make also backup copy of files you are changing for
own safety. 

To view logs from running command go to
->  log/
directory.

That's it. Have fun playing PlayWM.



----
 - Copyright 2012 Tomasz Wyderka <wyderkat@cofoh.com>
 -  www.cofoh.com
 - Licensed under GPL-2
 --
